[Music]
that's not part of the message he would
assume that she's something bad now I
want you to take out your fake sorry I
don't know how that got in there
general Kenobi years ago you served my
father in the Clone Wars now the Empire
has designed a super weapon called the
Death Star it looks kind of like my ass
but slightly bigger what obi-wan Kenobi
you're my only hope
except for my 35 mates and seven
publicist she expressed her true
feelings for me why you stuck-up
half-witted nerf herder who hooked up
with Lindsey Lowen even though she
doesn't shave her legs and she's scruffy
looking yes look whatever at least I'm
not the one who got just 12 likes for an
Instagram pic with a protocol droid yes
thanks Chloe
come on if we hook up later there's a
97% chance oh that chlamydia ever tell
me the odds when we have sex I'm usually
thinking of rage a
oh I need to get this
[Music]
hashtag by BAE
hashtag sad but still living
[Music]
okay adjusting relationship status to
single any takers
[Music]
you